my biggest advertising mistake and what
I learned a lot of people assume I've
always been at the level I'm at now and
the level I'm at now isn't the best I
can still get better and improve but I'm
a New York Times bestselling author I'm
a sought after entrepreneur and marketer
I'm a thought leader in the digital
marketing space and that's not to brag
as I mentioned I can still do a lot
better and there's so many more people
that are much more successful than me
like Elon Musk but behind every success
story is thousands of figures and my
biggest failure it was one for the books
in fact it ended up costing me over a
million dollars one million 250 391
dollars to be exact that's a lot of
money and it was a mistake I'm still
learning from all the time can you guess
what it was
do you think it was a social media
misstep or betting big on an SEO
strategy that didn't pan out it wasn't
either of those things it was all about
my website's messaging and that mistake
was so big that one of my best ever
business ideas almost ended up
collapsing entirely here's what happened
I started a website called kissmetrics
in 2008 and it was an analytics business
it was an awesome website centered
around helping users gain access to
essential and actionable metrics
surrounding user Behavior but the value
prop was never clear I spent years
tinkering with that headline but no
success to chauffeur I started going
shorter with my headlines working harder
to find a way to make my main value
properly stand out I started using
social proof and offering free trials to
boost credibility and guess what I got
almost an instantaneous 40 bump in
conversions and that means for three
years I was losing out on 40 of my
conversions what I learned lesson number
one your value prop is everything
according to peep laja the number one
issue impacting a website's growth is a
failing value prop unclear weak and not
reflective of what a audience wants and
if you're not sure on how to create
amazing value prop what I recommend that
you do is survey our audience use tools
like SurveyMonkey or crazy egg or hot
jar to figure out what issues people
have use a lot of those keywords within
your messaging and give them a solution
to their problem because if you're using
the keywords that they're using you're
much more likely to resonate with them
and drive more conversions lesson two
social proof is essential according to
finances online 93 of potential buyers
read reviews first before deciding to
make a purchase
now here's the thing if you don't
believe this just look at how you
purchase on Amazon whenever you look at
product or service what are you looking
at you're looking at the star ratings if
something has a thousand sales but only
has two out of five stars are you going
to purchase it probably not
what you're looking for is those
products have a four or four and a half
if not a five star rating on average
five is a little bit hard and then
you're looking at the reviews and see
what people have to say that are both
positive and negative to figure out if
that purchase is right for you so you
really want to think about social proof
and showing a lot of reviews out there
lesson three offer free trials slack
converted 30 of their freemium users
some companies with an opt-out free
trial have even hit closer to 60 percent
look people don't want to commit without
trying stuff back in the day when I
created a business my first business
things were much more expensive to
create versus now right with cloud
computing and the way technology has
shaped businesses it's a lot more
affordable to just give people your
product or service and let them try out
a little sample before they have to buy
it's a great way to build trust and
boost conversions Lesson Four build
trust with your audience this ties back
into your value prop being clear but
your messaging has to be absolutely
spawn 46 of consumers say that they
would pay more to purchase from Brands
they trust if someone doesn't trust your
brand
why would they purchase from you you're
more likely to purchase from a
trustworthy brand because you know
you're not going to get ripped off and
you're going to get what you pay for
remember time is money people don't like
making mistakes because that cost them
time
lesson five understand that attention
spends are short I wanted my audience to
get to know how great Chris metrics was
but I didn't understand that 80 of
readers will never make it past the
headline make your point and make it
early if you don't you're gonna end up
losing a lot of people and as I
mentioned your headline should solve
people's problems if they can't figure
out what problem you're solving through
your headline you've lost them even if
they read further chances are they're
not going to convert now if you need
help with your marketing check out my Ad
Agency NP digital where we help
companies of all sizes grow if you have
any questions leave a comment below I'm
here to help if you enjoy this video
like it share it and thank you for
watching